3/26/26
Meeting time: 20 minutes
1. Decisions Made
We decided where to start with the project and assigned ourselves the basic tasks we created on the project board. We set up the files necessary for the project environment and testing. We also created epic to go along with the tasks we created.

2. Alternative actions disscussed.
We discussed changing up some tasks depending on group member preference.

3. Follow up items
We created epics and tasks that align better with our project goals and some members changed what tasks they were working on based on their preference. Created a document to list the user stories, tasks, and epics assoicated with them for organization purposes.

4/2/26
Meeting time: 20 min
1. Decisions Made
We decided which epics make the most sense to prioritize for the lab requirements in coming weeks and relevant tasks will be moved into to-do with assignments as we make progress. We decided how to assign tasks to group members based on their preferences. Also decided to write simple tests for the database.

2. Alternative actions disscussed
N/a

3. Follow up items
In the coming days everyone can check the to-do column of the project tracker to see priority stories being assigned to them. We decided to use story points and preference (with gpt's help) as our basis of assigning similar workloads to everyone

4/9/26
Meeting time: 16 minutes
1. Decisions Made
We agreed as a group to start doing more tasks and begin finishing up the project. Group members talked about which tasks remaining they were comfortable doing and also which tasks they were currently working on.

2. Alternative Decisions discussed
If you have trouble on a certain task, do not be afraid to ask for help from other group members.

3. Follow up items
If your task is a large scale, do not forget with other group memebers working on same task to ensure everything works correctly.

4/16/26
Meeting Time: 8 minutes
1. Decisions Made
No major decisions were finalized during this meeting. The team agreed to hold off on committing changes until other members have completed
and pushed their respective commits.

2. Alternative actions disscussed
Team opted to wait to avoid merge conflicts and ensure smoother integration of everyone's code

3. Follow-up items
Nothing to really follow up on

General Notes
Brief check in on individual progress and talking about how to synthesize everything so far.
